Open your mouth!
Stop talking nonsense or give money
Or tell the truth to the lady
Let him control you well
I must not let them ruin my good deeds
Eating lady brother
I was dizzy just now
Sorry ah hum
Don't worry.
Wait for my wife to reveal my identity at the banquet
Whether it's 1 million or 100 million
He belongs to our family.
Zhao Xiangru
You really think we are all idiots and easy to deceive, don't you?
Mother, I am your own daughter.
How could I lie to you like this?
Can you take the card back?
Pay the bill first
I'll send the money tomorrow.
Can I change a bigger house for you and my brother?
What you damn girl said is true
Hum
Mother will believe you one last time
If you don't see the money tomorrow
We will tell the wife
Shen Guiying is his mother
You are a counterfeit
See how proud you are
Yes, son, let's go
Without you, hurry up and find a good one to remarry.
Help your brother
You said you are already married for the second time, what else do you choose?
Yes, it's over if you have respect
Dare to threaten me
Let Me Die
Congratulations on finding the old lady
Congratulations congratulations
everyone
This is my mother.
The old lady is graceful
extraordinary temperament
At first glance, it is the wife's biological mother
Yes, I heard that the lady has been looking for the old lady for 20 years
This is finally a mother-daughter reunion
Yeah, yeah, yeah.